chore: update positioning/messaging (#4155)
cube-js/cube.js: README.md

### Contributing

> There are many ways you can contribute to Cube. Here a few ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ways you can contribute to Cube, and here are a few possibilities:
```

* Star this repo and follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/thecubejs).
* Add Cube to your stack on [Stackshare](https://stackshare.io/cube-js).
* Upvote issues with 👍 reaction so we know what's the demand for particular issue to prioritize it within road map.
* Create issues every time you feel something is missing or goes wrong.
* Ask questions on [Stack Overflow with cube.js tag](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/cube.js) if others can have these questions as well.

> * Provide pull requests for all open issues and especially for those with [help wanted](https://github.com/cube-js/cube.js/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A"help+wanted") and [good first issue](https://github.com/cube-js/cube.js/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A"good+first+issue") labels as those are out of Cube team roadmap scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provide pull requests for all open issues and especially for those with [help wanted](https://github.com/cube-js/cube.js/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A"help+wanted") and [good first issue](https://github.com/cube-js/cube.js/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A"good+first+issue") labels.
```

Reviewer: I think this makes it simpler/clearer.
